quietly. This is a small item I just escaped from.
Palms open eyes. Your item is pretty good.
At that time, the Water Swimming River and the Sculpture Palace were all in the upper city.
Where did this object escape from? What channel?
This is when I escaped from the customs and came to the clouds.
This thing. Some may not be available for purchase.
What's up, brother? Is there any problem?
impossible. This channel is ruined.
Never had a problem. Then what comes from this channel,
Do you have any more at home? There is one more thing.
I'll show it to you. Come.
quietly. This channel.
This is a top-notch bitch. I'll just say it.
Don't tell me that this little thing cost me tens of millions.
Mr. Bai, the whole Zhao Jin fake preset appears again.